Congratulations on making it to Section 5 of the complete web developer course in the previous section
we went through all the basics of Javascript.
So we looked at things like variables and arrays loops and if statements and we saw how we could put
all of that together to make a functional and interactive Web site.
I hope you enjoy that because there's more of that coming up in this section where we'll be looking
at Jay Querrey which is a javascript framework which makes working with javascript a lot more fun and
a lot more powerful.
You'll learn how to make even more powerful web sites and web apps.
And at the end of the section we'll be making our biggest project yet which will be an interactive HVM
LCS SS and Javascript processor called Code player.
Now that you've learned.
H d m l c s s and Javascript.
You're in a great position to build real functional good looking Web sites.
So if you want to you can start bidding for projects on freelance Web sites or making web sites for
friends and family or even approaching your boss and suggesting a website project.
As I've said there's no better way to learn to code and to build real websites especially ones that
are going to be used by real people.
So have an idea put it into practice and then tweet me at Tech.
Rob I'd love to see what you make and I'll send it on to the world.
Enjoy the section and I hope you like me will fall in love with Jay Querrey.
I'll see you as always at the beginning of the next one.